# Data Biography

## Student Number: 20138246

---

### 1. Who collected the data?

All interacting parties of the Airbnb platform form the source of the data, which is collected by the platform and stored in its database.

---

### 2. Why did they collect it?

The massive housing information and guest feedback information collected by the platform constitute objective and true basic housing information. Promote the hosts to improve the quality of the housing to meet the needs of the corresponding guests. Encourage the platform to provide more integrity and clearer classification of housing rental services.

---

### 3. How was it collected?

The host provides basic personal information, housing-related information, price and occupancy requirements. The platform authenticates host information, counts all the host’s housing information, and improves housing location information. The platform counts the host’s activity based on the host’s response. The platform records transaction-related information, and obtains the rental status in each period after integration. The platform counts the rental evaluations provided by the guests, and obtains evaluation information and various review scores in different periods after integration.

---

### 4. What useful information does it contain?


Basic information about the host. Information about all the host’s listings. Host’s information certification. The activity of the host. Basic information about the house. Information about amenities in the house. The location information of the house. The state of the house. The license of the house. The style of the house. The daily price of the house. The time the house can be rented. The length of time the house has been leased in different time intervals. The number of reviews from past guests. The evaluation information of the guests at different time periods. Various review scores.

---

### 5. What useful information is it missing?

How to reach the house. Traffic around the house. Information related to the location of the house and rental purposes such as tourism, business, and commerce, such as attractions, shopping centers, restaurants, and hospitals around the house. Property Type. Deposit. Fluctuation in price. House weekly rent, house monthly rent. Requirements for guests.

---

### 6. To what extent is the data 'complete'?

The collected data can basically show the housing situation and the hosts’ situation, but because the data collected by the platform has no reviewer, the authenticity and accuracy of the data cannot be verified. All data is provided by the hosts and guests through the Internet, and the subjective data generated by users may be purposeful or emotional. If the house is rented very few times, the data obtained by statistics will lack completeness, so that the house information obtained cannot be mutually corroborated by a large amount of data, resulting in a low degree of credibility of the house data. The listing-related information uploaded by newly registered hosts is even more unbelievable.

---

### 7. What kinds of analysis would this support?

Extracting basic information about houses can support analysis of regional housing capacity, housing distribution, and rent market level. Extracting housing information can support the analysis of community management and regional real estate industry ecology. Extracting data such as the price of the rented house and the length of renting can support the analysis of the economic situation of the migrant population and the law of the flow cycle. Extract the basic information of the hosts, such as the landlord’s nationality, job, wealth status, social networking site dynamic sharing and other information, which can support the analysis of the landlord’s composition. Extracting housing rental information can analyze the audience situation of the platform in the London area, popular housing types and necessary facilities. Extracting guests reviews will form general feedback from different guests in each house, which can form more realistic basic information about the house.

---

### 8. What kinds of analysis would it _not_ support?

The housing type is not clear, and it is difficult to obtain the demand of platform users for various types of housing. There is no information related to the location of the house and rental purposes such as tourism, business, and commerce, such as scenic spots, shopping centers, and restaurants around the house, and it is difficult to support the analysis of tourism and business conditions. Real estates with low rental rates cannot accurately analyze the housing conditions, rent rationality, and rental suitability. In addition, the maintenance of equipment and facilities in this type of house is not clear, cannot support customer demand analysis, and cannot accurately extract information about the religious and cultural differences between the hosts and the guests, which may cause discomfort after moving in.

---

### 9. Which of the uses presented in Q.7 and Q.8 are _ethical_?

Hay (2010) states that it is impossible to have a clear set of rules for conducting ethical research when it comes to doing research involving people. People's expectations of a researcher vary across cultures, which means that there is no "correct" approach to fit all contexts.[1]
With the knowledge and consent of the user, the data analysis used to arrive at the general situation is ethical, and the mining of information involving personal circumstances may be unethical. For example, extracting guests’ evaluation will form a general feedback from different guests for each house source, which can encourage the hosts to adjust the house rent, facilities, services and other related components according to the actual situation. Information used to analyze housing situation, community management, real estate industry ecological situation, rent situation, population movement situation, and tourism situation is beneficial to the development of the homestay rental industry and social economy. The analysis of this information is ethical. However, personal economic status and fixed asset distribution, work, personal itinerary, rental income, family members and other information mined through the personal information of hosts will cause damage to personal privacy. Especially through the host’s personal information to obtain the host’s Facebook and other social platform accounts, and to mine the information posted by the host on the social platforms, and enjoy deeper user behavior analysis.

Two ethical challenges relating to consent and the use of social media were highlighted in the study: (1) negotiation of informed consent, and (2) informed consent and data.[2]
If the Airbnb platform associates the user information obtained by the Airbnb platform with the content shared by the user on Facebook without the landlord’s knowledge, it is highly possible to fully grasp the user’s information, social relations and behavior, leaving the host without privacy at all. Once this information is leaked, it will provide criminals with sufficient criminal conditions and provide the most valuable user information to cyber criminals such as phishing activities. Even if most of the data obtained is publicly available, there is still a big network security risk after integration. It is the responsibility of the platform to protect user information. If the platform abandons its adherence to ethics for profit, it means that such a platform is not worthy of trust.

 
---

### Reference


[1] Hay, l. (2010). Ethical practice in geographical research. In N. Clifford, S. French, & G. Valentine (Eds.), Key methods in geography. pp. 35-48. London: Sage

[2]	K. Hennell, M. Limmer, and M. Piacentini, “Ethical Dilemmas Using Social Media in Qualitative Social Research: A Case Study of Online Participant Observation,” Sociol. Res. Online, vol. 25, no. 3, pp. 473–489, 2019, doi: 10.1177/1360780419888933.


